hi I know Melissa McCarthy gets a lot of
flack a lot of people don't like the
jokes about her being fat I don't think
she's completely bad I think she can be
funny it's just that a lot of the movies
that she makes with her husband as
director feel like ideas that they had
after a bottle of wine at home that's
where they should have stayed and this
one's not really that different right
it's a stream it like the other ones but
I'm not gonna lie that it had a had a
pretty good twist let me explain
so when this one her and her husband of
two decades drop off their daughter at
their old university and as soon as they
drop her off as soon as they make the
turn to go back home
doctor vows over here just straight-up
divorces his wife but they don't even
make it out of the University before he
does that turns out he's been cheating
on her with the other real estate agent
from Modern Family
and so McCarthy decides that since her
life has been ruined why not just go
ruin her daughter's life as well girl
applies to college to finish a degree
starts plowing this young dude right
here she's having a walk of shame
alongside her daughter their friends
Gillian Jacobs who finally left a
community college and I also just
realized that these two are dorming when
they live 22 minutes away anyways like
bridesmaids there's a point in the movie
where she ends up crashing her
ex-husband's wedding which means she
ain't getting that money anymore to
graduate and thus to have to throw a
party to raise funds she has this like
zombie roommate who's some cast member
from SNL who actually is related to
Christina Aguilera and so they are able
to get her at the party to perform she
gets enough money so that she then is
able to graduate college but that's not
even the twist the big twist is that the
dude that she's been plowing throughout
this movie this young man right here
plowing during parties plowing in the
library plowing in front of the director
who may I remind you is her husband just
so happens to be this lady's kid if you
can think of a better way to get back at
the woman who stole your man let me know
because turning her into your stepmom is
number one by the way she digs up a
degree in archaeology graduates with her
daughter and left me wondering by the
end of the movie after all is said and
done is Christina Aguilera really as big
today as she was before like what
college students actually go see her
thank you guys for checking out this
video again another short one for the
Mother's Day weekend movies that came
out again while I did not love the movie
I always think that Maya Rudolph and
Gillian Jacobs are the best that are out
there I thought the toys twas good so I
know some of you
watch the movies you can't really
explain a comedy like repeat all the
jokes you have to actually go watch it
same with bloggers and stuff but this
one had a pretty good twist that I
wanted to bring up so you know if it if
it intrigues you definitely go check it
out other than that don't forget to
comment like and subscribe down below
and I'll send you a college degree